let us approach the faith of the air
hello to all then this is mine
boyfriend who is the subject and then today
we are here for a video taste me
you asked for it in many I did
new purchases from an order that yes
call candy sun
first of all sorry if only I am joked
really indecent I realize but
not you ibook weapons and whatever the
site is called che andy sanna e
I leave the link below at prices
really very affordable expenses
shipping is high nor however if you do
like me that maybe you place an order with a
bit of friends are definitely down
then now we show you a little
what we took I didn't do
unboxing video because I didn't have the
camcorder when I got the
package, however, I'll do it for you now it's there
we taste directly pay more beautiful
my penguin media then the
the very first thing we have this from
this site indeed and this waffle does not
I know if you see it is a mustache of the pokémon ci
you should find a card inside
and it should be very simple
chocolate waffle
look how crumbs look like
banners these girls we have
precisely found there is Lucan and Makalu
cario back so it is much smaller
of what I thought and honestly not
I know if it's a card sticker this is the
waffle as you see seems kind of knows it
that the very simple e
I would say that now he tastes it all
your
no it is not very much and they give a vote
when they go to taste these things
I will also do Japanese and I will use it
a somewhat particular scale of values ​​and
for example, use a grade from 1 to 5
herbs I saw that they use a 10
I'm a university student
a poor student in crisis and how
this will be a rating scale of 1
at 30
for me the sufficiency then a 18
director instead nothing or then
second thing we took are
these were the ones who were never boo ever
I know I don't know and I'm practically
these chocolate snacks and I would say that
we took them two here they are all
The tapes gluttons then how can
see are presented a bit like a mix
like a bar of chocolate almost
not a little very good we taste pc
good out have this layer of
chocolate while inside it seems to suffer
Puffed rice celebrate seems little
consistency of the shapes of the chips
to the cheese they see have the
consistency of cheese paladin
but of course it is not salty
inside is very good then me a
this I would give a 27 a choir
me as on these that are of the
candy should be called
fucito puccio I do n't remember I don't know
not even how to pronounce it precisely
maybe I'll write it here and it's not there
just like that about feeling
because as you can see, they have everything
disney design
so I was thrilled by the site and
he took them and just like that
I don't even know what I 'm like now
we know and see
goodbye beautiful packaging this is the
very simple caramellina si missy
macaro in the from where it seems soda however
I don't know now let's try
we walk through life something hard
how much from me is a very strange taste
reminds me a lot nor a euro
remember the eternal buses those who
I did the tutorial
the taste is very very very very much
very similar and I think it's just soda
as a vote they are not bad but I am not
really like a do 23
22 taste sudan
now we eat these are prices
I don't know what kind genuinely greater
I don't know milk and chocolate
look how beautiful the building some
puccio kittens to do technician for
as you can see that is the same brand
which produces the few but is not goodbye
perfume present itself as a
simple price, however, goes more than that
vanilla healthy milk chocolate is
a very good taste from the branches have it
made in an article on the mouth e
then nothing was chocolate it is
a handle and they know a lot about it
and vanilla are really good and
light as a snack
as tasty as voting for these I would give more
or less a 25 out of 30 official last
which we will taste today then the rest
of the things we have tasted
of the video movement are these of the
disney cookies are disney theme
precisely they should be type of
vanilla and chocolate biscuits
now the world like lingo spa or that
cute then watch look how much
they are adorable, they are biscuits
with the inside vanilla and there is the
mouse shape also via the cross
I don't know how much a mouse symbol
see why being now is nothing
we taste another degrading the taste
is that of the line
in fact they don't improve no no they don't
really andrea are more bitter than they know anymore
of bitter cocoa
these are very sweet desserts
I don 25 not so much because I am
bad guys are really good gods
But biscuits from something so
detailed presented in a manner
so particular they waited
something maybe a little more different and
other girls I hope this mine
first video taste you enjoyed
he sends me a greeting I send him to you
behold and nothing let me know if you
interested to see the second part of the
video in case they do it
Hello Hello hello